ah this feels so good you're right it's
really relaxing Bulls French should have
been here too I think they would have
really enjoyed this so tell me who was
that unpleasant guy anyway huh oh that
was Achilles he's always that way I see
but I'm having a good time
I wonder what achelous and Fido we're
doing now by the way bull can you do
some work on my beat Amon after we
finish our back huh your cobalt saber
fire is it okay with you of course it is
you're the best at working on a beat
Amon your motto you'd actually trust
someone else with your only beat of mine
well then I guess you don't know who
bull is bull is one of the best Peeta
bond makers and learn directly from the
master mr. Armada you should have been
that nice from the beginning they would
really be perfect if you could be nice
to Lina like that and be her friend too
I don't like that girl why not there's
no other girl like her she's cute and
very generous who is cuter Yamato you're
being taken advantage of taking
advantage of how do what you want I will
[Music]
ladies why do you say that this is your
models new beat amount and strike shot
some there are so many incredible high
technology parts all over these things
both yamato's and Daniels beat amounts
are matched to their strike shot
perfectly amazing they would double the
power of a strike shot there would be
nothing to be afraid of if you could
have the perfectly matched beat Amon and
strike shot but in the end it's all up
to the betta mob player to get the
maximum power out of the beat Amon
[Music]
what am i doing what can I do in order
to be your motto
[Music]
what should I do
wait if is there with a keyless
yeah that's it
[Music]
he's not like me
he already has a strike shot
[Music]
he has unbelievable power that no one
has seen but there isn't a beat'em on
that matches the strike shot
[Music]
right I could make a beat'em on that can
help him win the battle against your
models cold saber fire Achilles
[Applause]
[Music]
ah what what was that
hey Bo
what was all that noise about what's
happening huh huh ah as I expected bull
is perfect
hey huh huh bull how strange where's he
going at this time of night
hey Gatos wake up let's go Lina you two
get ready
so this is the voice of the wind huh
does it be me found it
let's try to find the light have
gathered people whatever that means
[Music]
in the middle of the night for this why
don't you leave them alone
Yamato Lucky's going home oh no what now
[Music]
I see them over there what am I going to
find a keyless Yamato and the others are
running after bull will find the key to
solving the mysterious clue by
coincidence
Yamato and his friends find bull and
solve the mystery the voice of the wind
to be continued
[Music]